[Music]
do you want to know how to always look
clean well today I'm going to teach you
how to get that clean girl aesthetic
while still looking minimal and low
maintenance so I'm super excited for
this look because it's definitely one
that anyone can rock you know once you
get the hang of this look it's so easy
to implement into your everyday routine
so obviously we're going to start with
hair this hairstyle is great for like
greasy end of the week pre wash hair
we're obviously going to go for the B
snatched TI bun look so what you will
need for this hair look is a comb a hair
brush one of these little things this is
optional though but you know you'll need
a scrunchie two hair ties at the
least mousse SL water and a little hair
spy thing so first things first I'm
going to grab my scrunchie and pull my
hair up to like the mid or top of my
hair this can be messy because we're
going to fix it we're just making sure
we get it up there so then what I like
to do is take this brush you can take
your comb but I put this under water and
I just run this through my hair and I
started doing this little water trick
recently because I felt like I would do
this hairstyle like day after day and I
would get so much product Builder so by
starting with using water it slicks your
hair down and it like preps for the
little bit of product that you're going
to use I recently did another tutorial
of this hair look and you know I'm going
to say the same thing up and out you
really want to pull everything thing up
and out all right now that our hair is
damp and there's not really any flyaways
I'm going to retie out my hair again
with the same scrunchie and as I'm doing
that I'm just going to brush back like
any of these bumps that are back here
now I'm taking this smse oo this is just
really going to stick down any of my
flyaways or baby hairs before we do
anything else I'm taking this little
hair Slicker I'm just brushing down any
of my baby hairs okay now this is where
the comb comes in so I just run this
over everything I've just done and I
just really like to pull my hair up
especially above my ears okay and now
that I've done that and my hair is
looking very Sleek I'm really going to
pull my hair and tie it really tight
with my hair tie and that's really
giving me a massive lift okay so now
that my hair is really slicked up it's
looking gorgeous could leave it like
this but we're going to do a high
grabbing second hair tie I'm just going
to twist my hair around like so it
depends how long your hair is but I like
to twist it two to three times and then
I just secure the hair tie and I'll just
like P the strands of hair to where it
looks cute and yeah now my hair is
completed it looks very clean even like
with no makeup this look is super cute
but yeah let's get into the makeup so
when I've looked at clean girl makeup
it's always girls with perfect glossy
glowy skin just looking absolutely
Flawless with minimal makeup so even if
you have acne like me or discoloration
or any of that dress I assure you that
you are still able to achieve that clean
girl look and also I feel like clean
girl makeup is very minimal so it is
important to embrace the flaws let's
just get straight into it so we do want
to be really moisturized and glowy so
I'm taking this bad boy this is the Tara
water cream this is very expensive so if
you don't have this literally just
leather on your favorite Jey
moisturizer I'm also going to prep my
lips so this is a lip maximizer serum
okay so for the face I am recommending
sticking to very minimal natural
products I know I've used this in so
many of my videos recently but I do
really love it as like a minimal
coverage kind of Bas it really just
gives you that glow and even skin tone
as you can see it's added a little bit
of color it's still keeping me nice and
jewy it's not stripping away any of the
moisture that I put down at the
beginning but it's not coverag of close
you cannot tell that I'm wearing any
makeup that's literally skin you can't
see any cakey business it's amazing all
right moving on to concealer I'm going
to be sticking sticking with Charlotte
Tilbury today because I feel like when
you use the same brand it all meshes
together really well and we really need
this look to mesh together I'm just
taking some of the lighter concealer and
popping that on my under eye on my
forehead and on my jaw and Chin so I'm
just blending this out I really didn't
put too much on just because we are
sticking to that you know makeup makeup
look now I'm just putting a little bit
extra here and here and just watch the
magic happen look at how lifted this
side looks compared to this side that's
actually kind of crazy that has honestly
lifted my face so much okay now I'm
taking the darker concealer I'm just
doing a couple dots of this everywhere
and this is going to act as like my
contour and today we are going to stick
to a majority of like cream liquid
products and let to really keep that
natural glowy look and I know that can
be really daunting especially for
someone that's starting out with makeup
because I used to be really scared of
products like this and everyone would
always be like oh my God liquid products
are so much better and I'll be like no
it's hotter powder is the best I'm
telling liquid and cream products so
after I've Blended that out I'm
literally going in I'm blending
everything out again the longer you
blend the better it will look I know
this is such a minimal makeup look but
to make it look perfect it's really
important to take your time especially
with the blending for blush I'm going in
with this Kylie lip and cheek glow balm
this is my ride or die ever since I
found this product I have been using it
every day in every video it is honestly
too dry for not sponsored I just really
love this more than any other blush I'm
also going to put that on my my eyelids
and the tip of my nose and that just
gives you like a cuty look so before we
set our face I'm actually going to let
the products sit on my face for 5 to 10
minutes I saw this trend on Tik Tok and
I tried it and it really does work
wonders so as we're letting this sit and
marinate on my face I'm going to do our
brows so I have naturally very thick
brows so I'm actually not going to do
much I'm going to fill them in a teeny
tiny bit but I'm not one to sit here and
be like you have to do this to your
brows because brows are so personal
that's why I really don't ever give like
an in-depth tutorial on how to do brows
because number one I don't really do
much to my brows and number two everyone
has their own style of brows and that's
very important so I'm just filling mine
in a teeny tiny bit and I'm extending
the tail out that will give me like a
more lifted elongated look I'm now just
taking a brow gel and really brushing my
brows up and out what can I say we're
not really going for a fluffy lemonade
look we're just giving a I'm clean I
didn't try and I look cute look okay now
we're going to set our face so this is a
must have this is a triangle Powder Puff
you can get these off of Amazon for like
a do and I'm taking a loose powder this
is my favorite loose powder but
obviously you can use any I'm not baking
but I'm really pressing this powder
under my eyes to really again lift my
face look how lifted that makes me look
I can't it's just so good doing the same
for this side now because we don't want
to look cakey the only places I'm
setting with a powder puff is under my
eyes and for the rest of my face I'm
taking some powder and a big fluffy
brush and very lightly dusting that
everywhere okay so I'm now going to be
contouring the nasal cage so this is the
only time I will be using powder I'm
just taking normal bronzer contouring my
nose because I can't not Contour my nose
seriously people and then I'm also
taking a little bit on the outer corner
of my eye like that and really blending
it up like a little triangle all right
I'm now going in with a stick
highlighter I'm just taking that on my
finger and pressing that on my face
because we didn't apply that much powder
this is able to go on my face and look
really seamless sunny and that just
looks so glowy but again I know I know
you guys I'm going to take a little bit
of this blush and pop it over the powder
and the highlighter and that will just
really not only dim down the highlighter
but blend everything together seamlessly
make you look nice and Rosy and then I'm
also little half putting that on my lips
so it's not only gray as a blush but
it's gray as a little lip balm and now
I'm taking a darker lip liner and
overlining my lips now I'm going to put
on this road PE tied lip treatment and
the best thing about this look honestly
is being able to wear a ton of
cloth and not have to worry about your
hair getting in it because your hair is
slick and Sleek all right I've done
things a little bit backwards but I'm
now curling my lashes this is kind of
the last step but as you can see like I
look clean like I look really slick and
sleek and put together and I'm
absolutely loving it okay and since we
aren't wearing a wing liner today I'm
feeling B without a wing liner cuz I
freaking love wing liner I'm really
going to goe with the mascara so this is
my most thick clumpy one it's definitely
not my favorite mascara it does give me
a thick gorgeous lash look usually I
like a thin longer look but since
there's no Wing I'm really going to go
all out spider Vibes for the lashes one
her and it's honestly kind of cute cute
I don't know what i' do without this
spray there is no other setting spray or
any spray like this I don't know what it
is about it it doesn't have sparkles or
anything in it but it really just gives
you that gloss skin look
so let's get
spraying look at that glue like that
just transforms everything I don't know
about you but it literally looks so much
more glowy I'm super happy with this
this is definitely all around beautiful
look for anyone yeah this is the
finished clean girl makeup
[Music]
look but yeah you guys I hope you
enjoyed this little tutorial but before
I end the video I just wanted to say
I've had so many if you guys reach out
from my celiac disease video and
honestly like reading your messages and
hearing your stories is so like touching
because I know it seems like oh my God
first world problems but it is really
difficult to hear that you're going to
be dealing with something for the rest
of your life and to just have that
support and love from you guys honestly
means more than anything I just wanted
to say I love you guys so much like it's
unbelievable I love you guys but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you liked this little look I really
love this I'm really feeling myself and
I want to do this look every day but
yeah you guys make sure to like
subscribe and follow me on Instagram at
Leah Honore but yeah I will see you very
very
soon bye
[Music]